Firearm-Related Deaths among Black Rural Youths
A. Lind, S.M. Mason, and E. Wrigley-Field
Mortality among young persons has risen, with firearm-related deaths disproportionately affecting Black youths. Firearm-related deaths now affect Black youths across both rural and urban settings.

ORIGINAL ARTICLEAPR 07, 2024CME
Beta-Blockers after MI with Preserved Ejection Fraction
Beta-Blockers after MI with Preserved Ejection Fraction
T. Yndigegn and Others
Hospitalized patients with acute myocardial infarction and preserved EF were assigned to receive open-label long-term beta-blocker therapy or not. Beta-blockers did not lead to a lower risk of death or MI.

Editorial Routine Beta-Blockers in Secondary Prevention — On Injured Reserve
PERSPECTIVEAPR 13, 2024
Twenty-Five Years after Columbine
D. Hemenway
Since the Columbine shooting, the gun problem in the United States has worsened, and the Supreme Court’s new interpretations of the Second Amendment don’t help. But there are some reasons for hope.

PERSPECTIVEAPR 17, 2024
Allocation of GLP-1 and Dual GLP-1–GIP Receptor Agonists
E.J. Emanuel and Others
A shortage of GLP-1 receptor agonists and other drugs raises questions about how limited supplies should be allocated. A proposed framework could guide governments, professional societies, and physicians.

ORIGINAL ARTICLECME
Adjuvant Pembro&shy;lizumab after Surgery in Renal-Cell Carcinoma
Adjuvant Pembro­lizumab after Surgery in Renal-Cell Carcinoma
T.K. Choueiri and Others
Improved survival in renal-cell cancer after 1 year of adjuvant therapy was seen with pembrolizumab. At 4 years, 91% of pembrolizumab-treated patients were alive, as compared with 86% of those who received placebo after surgery.

PERSPECTIVE
PODCAST: NOT OTHERWISE SPECIFIED
Injured, Not Sidelined
Injured, Not Sidelined
This season finale examines the moral injury that the current U.S. health care system inflicts on physicians and trainees — and how they may be able to offer care that aligns with their values.

FREE EVENT — NEW CME/CE PROGRAM:

Lifestyle Interventions in the Management of Obesity

April 25, 2024 12:00–1:30 PM ET
REGISTER NOW 
IMAGE CHALLENGE

What is the diagnosis?
ANSWER

NEJM One-Year Editorial Fellowship beginning July 2025 - Apply by August 1 2024

Original Research
Microaxial Flow Pump for STEMI and Cardiogenic Shock
ORIGINAL ARTICLEAPR 07, 2024
Microaxial Flow Pump for STEMI and Cardiogenic Shock
J.E. Møller and Others
In a randomized trial involving patients with STEMI and cardiogenic shock, mortality at 6 months was lower with mechanical circulatory support with a microaxial flow pump than with standard care alone.

Editorial Mechanical Circulatory Support in Cardiogenic Shock — Persistence and Progress
ORIGINAL ARTICLEAPR 10, 2024CME
Alectinib in <i>ALK</i>-Positive Lung Cancer
Alectinib in ALK-Positive Lung Cancer
Y.-L. Wu and Others
In a trial of adjuvant treatment for patients with resected ALK-positive non–small-cell lung cancer, disease-free survival at 2 years was 93.6% with the ALK inhibitor alectinib and 63.7% with standard chemotherapy.

Editorial Adjuvant Alectinib in ALK-Rearranged NSCLC — Here and Now
ORIGINAL ARTICLEAPR 06, 2024CME
Semaglutide in Patients with Heart Failure and Diabetes
Semaglutide in Patients with Heart Failure and Diabetes
M.N. Kosiborod and Others
Among patients with obesity-related heart failure with preserved ejection fraction and type 2 diabetes, semaglutide produced greater reductions in symptoms, physical limitations, and body weight than placebo at 1 year.

CORRESPONDENCE
Listeriosis Associated with Consumption of Vegan Cheese
A. Leclercq and Others
Plant-based cheeses are marketed as safe alternatives to raw-milk cheese for populations at high risk for foodborne infection. Listeriosis cases in Europe, including in pregnancy, were linked to consumption of vegan cheese.

ORIGINAL ARTICLEAPR 10, 2024CME
Minimally Invasive Removal of Cerebral Hematoma
Minimally Invasive Removal of Cerebral Hematoma
G. Pradilla and Others
In a trial of minimally invasive cerebral hematoma removal within 24 hours after onset of hemorrhage, functional outcomes were better with surgery than with medical treatment, particularly among patients with lobar hemorrhages.

